alright hello everyone and welcome
you're on the Titanic map by that same
creator of the old one you just want the
side said redo it and do a better one I
guess so yeah and is made by the next
the Nexus warrior
so yeah let's go and is the two videos
called Minecraft Titanic download the
brackets hey I guess this is where you
buy your ticket yeah maybe tickets or
something like that
yeah I'll just get like it for you
pretty nuts should I make it nighttime
or should I put it back today I don't
think it matters right doesn't really
matter
let's check out if he did the interior
of the ship this time I said it last
time yeah wait so the White Star Line no
he did he did lash staircase this is
nice so we can check out the whole boat
this time well last time we couldn't do
that well at least he designed the rooms
yeah he designed the rooms this time
well we don't get it go in every room
but we can just fly around the boat and
check our dreams yeah he worked he
definitely I think he worked a lot
harder on this one I like it okay so it
all connects what's back here exit
oh this is like whoa this is pretty good
it's confusing
yeah I missed outside of the low range
no wow it's a lot like the boo yeah you
don't gotta stay for me just split up we
get the tour of the
you don't gotta go on there before we
can let the other people check it out so
yeah just even like a quick view sorry
everyone
wow they got a library
Wow got a lot of stuff
they put it in Spanish too biblioteca
it's a library to say now
hmm this is the place for the poor
passengers the they remembered I don't
know if you know that but they lock them
at the bottom of the boat yeah so most
of them died because they weren't
important about their people just kind
of mean and for people who should be
like she treats me like crap bag on all
right well yeah so it's basically just
like it's a lot better my pill this is
good it has like the rooms and stuff all
of them are pretty much identical yeah
some of them have couches in it some of
them do yeah so yeah I hope you enjoyed
um oh it's the sauce game what is that
loss game this is
I don't know what that is Hoss game it
leads outside
oh the cafeteria I almost forgot about
that
oops well there's water oh it's a
docking station so everyone yeah let's
just on fly out to the end to end the
video okay Wow hope you enjoyed the
Titanic and look in the description for
the download I join ya the guys seem to
good bye